README.md, before:

# HTPC Set up

My complete set up for my home media server running on my Mac Mini.  All apps end up with custom subdomains like `app.domain.com` thanks to Traefik.

## Prerequisites
1. Docker

## Configure domain name
1. Register a domain name at namecheap.com
2. Set up host records
   1. Enable dynamic DNS.  Using your IP address, add
   2. A+ Dynamic DNS record -  @ - {IP address} - Automatic
   3. A+ Dynamic DNS record -  * - {IP address} - Automatic
3. Request API access - this takes a few business days.

## Keep domain pointed to your server
1. Install [dDNS broker](https://ddnsbroker.com)
2. Add entries for root (@) and wildcard subdomains (*)

## Configure port forwarding on your router
1. Point ports 80 and 443 to your Mac Mini in your router

## Prep
Run `./setup`

Fill out the .env file

Fill out email address, domain name in traefik/traefik.toml

Run `docker-compose up -d`

## Not covered
Plex is run separately.

## Credits
I mostly put this together by following [this guide](https://www.smarthomebeginner.com/traefik-reverse-proxy-tutorial-for-docker/) and this [one](https://github.com/duhio/docker-compose-usenet).

Commit message:

Give up on the smarthomebeginner flavor, straight up copy and paste the docker usenet thing

README.md, after:

# My HTPC

My complete set up for my home media server running on my Mac Mini.  All apps end up with custom subdomains like `app.domain.com` thanks to Traefik.

## Setup

### Prerequisites
1. Docker
2. A domain registered at namecheap.com
3. Port forwarding on your router, forwarding ports `80` and `443`

### Configure domain name
Turn on dynamic DNS at namecheap.com

### Configure the .env
1. `cp .env.example .env`.
2. Update `DOMAIN` to your actual domain.
3. Set the `HTPASSWD` value.  Use [this generator](http://www.htaccesstools.com/htpasswd-generator/)

### Set up traefic
1. `mkdir -p config/traefik`
2. `touch config/traefik/acme.json`
3. `chmod 600 config/traefik/acme.json`

### Set up ddconf
1. `mkdir -p config/ddclient`
2. `cp ddclient.conf.example config/ddclient/ddclient.conf`
3. Update the domain names and dynamic DNS password in `config/ddclient/ddclient.conf`

## Running
Run `docker-compose up -d`

You should now be able to get to everything by navigating to `app.your.domian`.

## Credits
This is largely identical to [https://github.com/duhio/docker-compose-usenet)](https://github.com/duhio/docker-compose-usenet)).

I also pulled some tips from [this smarthomebeginner.com guide](https://www.smarthomebeginner.com/traefik-reverse-proxy-tutorial-for-docker/).
